**PFP art creds are PPINUT_BUTTER on twitter/x !!**

*c+h -> cuddle and hide ; w2i -> whisper to interact ; iwc -> interact with caution ; iwec -> interact with extra/extreme caution ; iwcare -> interact with care ; dni -> do not interact ; dniuf -> do not interact unless friends ; -> dniuc -> do not interact unless close ; dniuid -> do not interact unless i do ; fdni -> fandom dni ; mv -> my version ; greenname -> friend ; blue name -> party member ; wip -> work in progress*

	minor, currently have school + job - i have a lot of work to do so i'll be busy/offtab quite often , w2i is preferred! Also feel free to double text if I don't respond within ~10 minutes (in game) . updating guys i am so busy if i'm not online for like a day or something THATS WHY! screams and CRIES. oh yeah also I have limited internet so if i ah er randomly disconnect and don't return for like a day thats why... sighs deeply..
 	I don't have a specific DNI or int list, I'll be down to interact with whoever and will probably not continue conversation if I find you annoying
	i have a huge cuddle comfort!!! anyone can sit w/ me anytime, no matter if i'm on dni or not! feel free to cover and hide me too!! you can send a frq if we're sitting together as well! i love makin' friends n' gettin' new cuddle buddies.. :D you can also sen me a frq if we've talked a bit and you think i'm friendworthy or somethin' of the sort, i'll very likely accept as long as we've interacted before !!
 	i have a bit of oddities when typing, such as never finishing words that end in -ing, replacing it with in' ; replacing 'you' with 'yew' ; saying w/ instead of with ; replacing 'for' with 4, four, or fur ; replacing 'to/too' with 2 ; along with using those in words (forever -> furrever or fourever or 4ever ; together -> 2gether , etc). if you do not want me to do this around you, please let me know! i also may forget, so don't be afraid to remind me ! I also type fast often so my spelling may be utterly atrocious but I will make a concerted effort if you request. ++ I like making long replies to what people say ^_^ I have discord if you'd be interested, feel free to request me to add you if you're a greenname! Keep in mind I respond rather slowly on discord however...
	I hold a lot of opinions on politics and such, and if you disagree with them i'd LOVE to have a mature discussion about it... I LOVE LEARNING NEW THINGS! however, i will not bring anything relating to these up willy nilly with strangers & the like, as I understand it can be an uncofmy topic
	I may make kms/kys jokes along with saying reclaimable slurs if i'm close to you, but if you rather I don't do that while around you please make me aware of that and I will try to stop, but feel free to remind me!
  	i like talking to people, but I am still a rather unskilled conversationalist... I will probably respond with a lot of 'ouuuus' or 'WAOWZA!!', rest assured I am reading what you're saying + i DO care about it, I am simply quite often unsure of how to formulate logical responses.  I also can be rather mean/standoffish/blunt, so if I have iwc in my name do take note... More often then not these days I'm slightly irritated, so I'd recommend a general interact with caution during all interactions. update again, I am scared of interacting with everybody. fear plagues my body.. if i don't/haven't interacted with you and you're an oomf in a while that is likely why...

	You're fine to take inspo from my ponies, as long as you're not completely copying them or something like that! I'd love to see what you did if you do ^_^

 	If we're friends and I haven't interacted with you for a while, it's highly unlikely that I don't like interacting with you or that I've replaced you, but rather that my crippling fear of interacting first coupled with a long time away has scared me away from any further interactions... I'd down for an attempt at reconnecting but I can make no proises that it won't fizzle out once again, but I'd be willing to try!

_i think that's all? I may edit later so check back again if you want !!_

that's about it! I hope you have a wonderful day/night and that both sides of your pillow are cold <3 :3 
